# PATENT/PUBLICATIONS

Methods and system of predicting a state of a cell in a Radio Access Network- https://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/detail.jsf?docId=WO2020064094&tab=PCTBIBLIO&_cid=P20-K8XUL7-31506-1

# OPEN SOURCE CONTRIBUTION
Perl 5 - http://search.cpan.org/~libvenus/
Python2 - https://pypi.python.org/pypi/AppValidationAutomation/0.1
          https://pypi.python.org/pypi/HPPPM/0.1

# Data Science Portfolio
---
## Machine learning

### SBI-OFAC Banking transactions False Positive Reduction
SBI, New York Branch monitors and scans various foreign wire transactions using and industry wide product – Bridger Lexis-Nexis. The Bridger tools scans the foreign wire transactions and generates alerts for each transaction. The alerts suggest some kind of suspicious activity in the transaction and these alerts need to be scanned manually and the transaction released only after proper due diligence. A vast majority of alerts generated by Bridger are false positive and require lots of manual effort to ascertain if they are really fraud or not.  The objective of the project is to reduce the false positives and reduce manual labor using AI

### Ericsson - Sleeping Cells Intelligent Site (INSITE)
INSITE (Intelligent Site) is an AI driven initiative of R&D (Sweden) as a part of Intelligent Operations for Managed Services. The objective is not only end-to-end automation but also to create a digital twin of the network site that will proactively gauge network issues and take corrective action
INSITE – Sleeping Cells: Sleeping cells are cells that carry only transient traffic and are otherwise nonfunctional with no alarms to detect the sleeping state. Sleeping cells prediction involves profiling cells behaviour at a specific hour and training machine learning algorithms to predict the probability of a cell 
going into sleep in the next 24 hours. The model also gives rules/RCA for flagging the cell as sleeping in 
the next 24 hours. The rules are mapped to ENABLE (automation product) actions for getting the cell out 
of sleep.
